README.md, before:

Openshift Sonatype Nexus DIY Cartridge
-------------------------

The problem with other Openshift Nexus projects boil down to three main problems: disk usage, little documentation, or war distributions. This [Openshift](https://www.openshift.com/) cartridge facilitates running a lightweight application (less than 100 MB to start) by storing only the [Sonatype Nexus](http://www.sonatype.org/nexus/) configurations and deployment. The build hook will automatically download and configure the Sonatype Nexus Jetty bundle distribution. The start hook script is the only custom code needed to run this application.

## Quickstart: Deploy from GitHub

1. Under the Openshift Applications tab, click `Create your first application now` link or the `Add Application` button.
2. Create a `Do-It-Yourself 0.1` application.
3. After selecting your public URL, paste the GitHub **HTTP** repository clone URL. (Just remove the `S` from the HTTPS repository clone URL)

	http://github.com/bretkikehara/openshift-sonatype-nexus-jetty

4. Wait a few minutes while the application is built.
5. Login to the Sonatype Nexus application using the default user `admin` and password `admin123`.

## Sonatype Nexus

[Sonatype Nexus](http://www.sonatype.org/nexus/) serves as a Maven repository.

Current Deploy Version: ***2.8.1-01*** community edition

The deploy version can be changed by setting the version in the `.openshift/action_hooks/build` script.

## Openshift

All hooks are available under the `.openshift/action_hooks` directory.

### Build Hook
Currently, the build hook downloads the the Nexus bundle and then proceeds to deploy it to `$OPENSHIFT_DATA_DIR`. This can be changed by updating the `NEXUS_VERSION` in the `.openshift/action_hooks/build` script. When the version has been changed, any existing version of the nexus deployment will be deleted. Of course, the `sonatype-work` directory will be left untouched.

After the Sonatype Nexus has been deployed, then a copy of `sonatype-work` directory is made in the `$OPENSHIFT_DATA_DIR` if the directory does not exists. Otherwise, this folder will not be touched across deployments.

On every push to Openshift, the project configurations in the `conf` directory will always be copied to the nexus deployment directory.

### Start Hook

The following environment variables are set in the start hook:

	NEXUS_APPLICATION_PORT
	NEXUS_APPLICATION_HOST
	NEXUS_CONTEXT_PATH
	NEXUS_WORK
	NEXUS_HOME

When running the Sonatype Nexus application, anything that is printed to the System.out is captured in the `$OPENSHIFT_DIY_LOG_DIR/out.log` file.

### Stop Hook

Runs the kill command to stop the server.

## License

This project is available under the MIT License.

Commit message:

update to Nexus 2.11.1-01 (security update) and change the user.home for Java app

README.md, after:

Openshift Sonatype Nexus DIY Cartridge
-------------------------

The problem with other Openshift Nexus projects boil down to three main problems: disk usage, little documentation, or war distributions. This [Openshift](https://www.openshift.com/) cartridge facilitates running a lightweight application (less than 100 MB to start) by storing only the [Sonatype Nexus](http://www.sonatype.org/nexus/) configurations and deployment. The build hook will automatically download and configure the Sonatype Nexus Jetty bundle distribution. The start hook script is the only custom code needed to run this application.

## Quickstart: Deploy from GitHub

1. Under the Openshift Applications tab, click `Create your first application now` link or the `Add Application` button.
2. Create a `Do-It-Yourself 0.1` application.
3. After selecting your public URL, paste the GitHub **HTTP** repository clone URL. (Just remove the `S` from the HTTPS repository clone URL)

	http://github.com/bretkikehara/openshift-sonatype-nexus-jetty

4. Wait a few minutes while the application is built.
5. Login to the Sonatype Nexus application using the default user `admin` and password `admin123`.

## Sonatype Nexus

[Sonatype Nexus](http://www.sonatype.org/nexus/) serves as a Maven repository.

Current Deploy Version: ***2.8.1-01*** community edition

The deploy version can be changed by setting the version in the `.openshift/action_hooks/build` script.

## Openshift

All hooks are available under the `.openshift/action_hooks` directory.

### Build Hook
Currently, the build hook downloads the the Nexus bundle and then proceeds to deploy it to `$OPENSHIFT_DATA_DIR`. This can be changed by updating the `NEXUS_VERSION` in the `.openshift/action_hooks/build` script. When the version has been changed, any existing version of the nexus deployment will be deleted. Of course, the `sonatype-work` directory will be left untouched.

After the Sonatype Nexus has been deployed, then a copy of `sonatype-work` directory is made in the `$OPENSHIFT_DATA_DIR` if the directory does not exists. Otherwise, this folder will not be touched across deployments.

On every push to Openshift, the project configurations in the `conf` directory will always be copied to the nexus deployment directory.

Because Java Preferences and other classes default to storing files in the user's home directory and that is not writable in OpenShift, I added a new directory
$OPENSHIFT_DATA_DIR/userhome

Then export a Java specific environment variable:
export _JAVA_OPTIONS=-Duser.home=$OPENSHIFT_DATA_DIR/userhome

This has the small side effect of emitting a log line every time a Java app starts("Picked up _JAVA_OPTIONS: -Duser.home=xxx"), but I find it more than makes up for that!

### Start Hook

The following environment variables are set in the start hook:

	NEXUS_APPLICATION_PORT
	NEXUS_APPLICATION_HOST
	NEXUS_CONTEXT_PATH
	NEXUS_WORK
	NEXUS_HOME

When running the Sonatype Nexus application, anything that is printed to the System.out is captured in the `$OPENSHIFT_DIY_LOG_DIR/out.log` file.

### Stop Hook

Runs the kill command to stop the server.

## License

This project is available under the MIT License.
